Will you be okay?
I'll be okay. So go.
Go now.
-How did that happen?
-Let's go.
I'll explain on the way. Hurry!
THE 53RD
HOSU WOMEN'S UNIVERSITY DORM OPEN HOUSE
Hey!
Have you seen a guy on a bicycle here?
-No, I haven't.
-A guy in a suit on a bicycle.
-I haven't.
-Are you sure?
Don't you dare to lie.
We've been here for a while
but haven't seen such a guy.
Since what time?
-About 20 minutes ago, right?
-Yes.
We ate tteokbokki near here. Why?
Damn it. This punk.
Maybe he saw wrong.
Let's question him first.
I think
since the last time I was here,
I've been traumatized.
I admired investigators like you so much
that I was determined to catch
that bastard for our country and people.
So everyone must've looked like him to me.
So you thought a guy
in a suit riding a bicycle was Lim Soo-ho,
but you were wrong?
I'm so sorry, sir.
We happened to be searching Mount Ogong
for the communists' dead drop…
when you called to tell us you saw Soo-ho.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know you were so busy.
I'm suddenly
not sure which side you're on.
You might be on our side,
on Soo-ho's side,
or on the side of someone protecting him.
Which side are you on?
-Make him talk.
-Yes, sir.
That hurts!
My ribs!
I'm so sorry.
Please don't kill me.
What did you do wrong?
Actually…
BAEKHA BREWERY
Seol-hui's Baekha Brewery's
president's daughter.
It's the perfect chance to win her heart.
Gwang-tae.
Actually?
Actually what?
What, you idiot?
I'll be discreet.
I won't call you
unless I'm completely sure.
I'm so sorry. Don't hit me.
I'm so sorry.
To actualize the ideals
of the Seoul Olympics…
Why are you so late?
-I'm sorry.
-The Seoul Olympics
-will be a global festival…
-Go in.
…for the whole world to enjoy,
and not a mere sports competition.
So for the first time ever,
Korea will be holding the largest…